Here is an exercise program you have to write a program to calculate area of a circle and for that you
have to take input as a radius and using the formula for area of a circle calculate area and display
area.
Here is the program I've run the program and show you how the program should work and what should be
the input output.
Let us look at the program.
Here is the program for finding the area of a circle.
I will run the program and show you. see he asking for the radius of a circle.
I'll give the radius as a 10.
It should display the area of a circle and some very simple program you can easily like this one.
So here is the code and even the code is available as PDF.